Blog1: I'm starting with the assignment right now, I've read through the requirements and had a sketch of important entities and details while going through it. It took two times to read through to properly understand the problem domain and created the uml class diagram. This is a really important step for the overall project as it provided a clear structure and helped me visualise the program before coding it. The UML class diagram was created based on the main entities Device, Satellite, and File, and I started thinking about how I could use object oriented paradigms such as inheritence to simplify the code. This meant thinking about how different entities interact with each other. One challenge was figuring out which symbols and arrows to use for relationships in the UML diagram and I went back and looked at the course and tuts content.

Blog2: I started implementing the solution based on the UML class diagram. First I had a look at the assignment folder's existing files and structure to see what's already provided. I began by making files for the device, satellite, and file classes. Each class had its attributes and methods which I put the basic ones for now.

Blog3: I started following the requirement parts for section 1 of the assignment, most of it was straight forward. I created a main satellite and device class and different devices and satellites which inherit from those. Also, I changed satellite class to abstract class since I realised I had to override the move methods for different satellites and instead of overriding them, I could just define the function as an interface in the satellite class then actually implement it in different satellite subclasses (polymorphism).

Blog4: I completed the first part and tested it and also added an extra test. The tests all passed and I moved on to the second section. In the second section, It wasn't clear how the simulation was supposed to work so I spent a lot of time on that part. CommunicableEntities in range was alright, but by far the hardest part was sending files which I don't think it works. I ran out of time and had to compromise so I decided to implement that half-half and focus more on fixing style and submitting. 

Conclusion
Overall, I think the main problem was the situation and timing with this assignment but i believe that I did the best I could to implement an effective solution. I learnt a lot from this assignment with regards to developing a solution based on object oriented concepts and design principles. Also, the idea of a blog is great because you can see what your mistakes and learnings were along the way, so I will continue to document my design thinking and learning process.